README.md, before:

# Tactical Thermal Transition
This repo contains scripts and database prototyping for the Tactical Thermal Transition (TTT) team

## Scenario Creator
The main function of this repository is to create input data for simulation scenarios. An example of this process can be found in the script `example.py`.

## Repo structure
### `scenario_creator/`
Contains the main entry point for creating input data, `create_scenario.py`.

### `end_uses/`
Contains classes that define different end uses in a parcel. These include appliances such as stoves and HVAC equipment.

### `parcel_database/`
This repo is the parcel database. It contains directories of parcel data and prototyping scripts. Additionally, it contains a handful of top-level python files of note:
* `example.py` - An example file for the final JSON structure of the parcel database
* `helper_funcs.py` - A file of helper functions used in prototyping notebooks
* `parcel_database_creation.py` - The main file for creating the enriched parcel database

The sub-folders of `parcel_database/` are described below.

#### `parcel_database/data_explore`
This repo contains scripts and files for exploration of the data. It is only meant for prototyping. See `parcel_database/data_explore/README.md` for more.

#### `parcel_database/database`
The core database. Raw input files are saved here, along with scripts for creating "enriched" datasets.

The directory also has files for mapping certain data to higher-level classifications. Additionally, shape files can be found here, which are spatially joined with the parcel data.

### `resstock_explore/`
Ignore for now - this directory has explorations of ResStock energy usage data

Commit message:

Incorporates timeseries energy data for building end uses
Begins diving deeper into matching parcels with energy consump data

Begins exploring individual building profiles for stove usage

Writes json files of stove usage

v1 of building end use granular energy

Adds operational vector considerations to end use energy

Updates meter summing of energies

README.md, after:

# Tactical Thermal Transition
This repo contains scripts and database prototyping for the Tactical Thermal Transition (TTT) team

## Scenario Creator
The main function of this repository is to create input data for simulation scenarios. An example of this process can be found in the script `example.py`. The example script makes use of a set of JSON config files that are not tracked by git. See the tests for examples of config file formatting.

**_TODO: Document config file format_**

## Repo structure
### `scenario_creator/`
Contains the main entry point for creating input data, `create_scenario.py`.

### `end_uses/`
Contains classes that define different end uses in a parcel. These include appliances such as stoves and HVAC equipment.

### `parcel_database/`
This repo is the parcel database. It contains directories of parcel data and prototyping scripts. Additionally, it contains a handful of top-level python files of note:
* `example.py` - An example file for the final JSON structure of the parcel database
* `helper_funcs.py` - A file of helper functions used in prototyping notebooks
* `parcel_database_creation.py` - The main file for creating the enriched parcel database

The sub-folders of `parcel_database/` are described below.

#### `parcel_database/data_explore`
This repo contains scripts and files for exploration of the data. It is only meant for prototyping. See `parcel_database/data_explore/README.md` for more.

#### `parcel_database/database`
The core database. Raw input files are saved here, along with scripts for creating "enriched" datasets.

The directory also has files for mapping certain data to higher-level classifications. Additionally, shape files can be found here, which are spatially joined with the parcel data.

### `resstock_explore/`
Ignore for now - this directory has explorations of ResStock energy usage data
